Add details for kubectl.kubernetes.io/restartedAt annotation (#40783)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

One of the [recommended labels](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/common-labels/#labels).

### kubectl.kubernetes.io/restartedAt

Example: `kubectl.kubernetes.io/restartedAt: '2023-03-05T15:30:00Z`

Used on: Pod

> In this example, the annotation indicates that the Pod was most recently restarted at 3:30 PM UTC on March 31st, 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, the annotation indicates that the Pod was most recently restarted at 3:30 PM UTC on March 31, 2023.
```

The `"kubectl.kubernetes.io/restartedAt"` annotation is used by Kubernetes to keep track of the timestamp of the most recent container restart for a particular pod. This information can be useful for debugging and monitoring purposes.

> The `"kubectl.kubernetes.io/restartedAt"` annotation is automatically added to the spec template by kubectl when the workload is restarted. It records the time of the most recent workload restart as a Unix timestamp.

Reviewer: This annotation is same as mentioned in line 103. Kindly correct it.

Reviewer: what about this?

One of the [recommended labels](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/common-labels/#labels).

### kubectl.kubernetes.io/restartedAt

Example: `kubectl.kubernetes.io/restartedAt: '2023-03-05T15:30:00Z`

Used on: Pod

> This annotation is automatically added to the spec template by kubectl when the workload is restarted. It records the time of the most recent workload restart as a Unix timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The annotation indicates the time when a Kubernetes resource was last restarted using the kubectl command-line tool. It records the time of the most recent workload restart as a Unix timestamp.
```

In the above example, the annotation indicates that the Pod was most recently restarted at 3:30 PM UTC on March 31, 2023.

> The `"kubectl.kubernetes.io/restartedAt"` annotation is used by Kubernetes to keep track of the timestamp of the most recent container restart for a particular pod. This information can be useful for debugging and monitoring purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `"kubectl.kubernetes.io/restartedAt"` annotation is used by Kubernetes to keep track of the timestamp of the most recent container restart for a particular pod. This information can be useful for troubleshooting and auditing purposes, allowing administrators to track when a resource was last restarted and correlate it with other events or changes in the cluster..
```
